Netflix has taken an introspective story about the depression and nihilism inherent in collective scientific possibility and turned it into a romantic narrative about the individualist triumph of those people smart enough to drive scientific progress.
Perhaps everything happens too quickly, maybe some characters need more room and the viewer needs a break. But the plot is surprising, it intensifies and delivers a twist to the current debate about where technology is taking us. 
It asks a series of interesting questions and presents a string of intriguing SciFi ideas in the process. It results in an engaging and mysterious series that will keep viewers invested from start to finish.
Fascinating ideas and concepts are presented in an intriguing, accesible and entertaining way, while the human characters (scientist core group) leave a lot to be desired. 
3 Body Problem remains grounded in human drama.
Visually spectacular and a good cast — Wong in particular.
Based on Cixin Liu’s megapopular sci-fi novels, 3 Body Problem is an engrossing spectacle about alien invasion. It’s a welcome 21st-century twist on the old War of the Worlds premise.
Offering plenty of thought-provoking and mind-bending conceits, 3 Body is not exactly casual viewing, but it’s a show that rewards close attention.
I really enjoyed the series in spite of most of the leads either being annoying or just not clicking with me as the actual sci-fi and general concepts presented were so good.
The show confidently takes its audience into uncharted territory, peeling back mystery after mystery.
For those who love their sci-fi with a healthy dose of mind-bending concepts, high stakes, and a slow burn that explodes into pure sci-fi brilliance.
Episode 5 is easily one of the best TV episodes of the year. 3 Body Problem has a wonderful cast and stunning visuals, but the final 3 episodes feel a little anti-climatic in this slow-burn series.
Ambitious, towering and crammed with big ideas about intellectual curiosity, exploration and our place in the universe while still managing to tell intimate stories about human relationships.
3 Body Problem presents an interesting theoretical scenario, with some compelling characters and a few dynamics that are worth exploring. But despite the revolutionary source material, the show isn’t all that groundbreaking, at least not yet.
As big idea sci-fi goes, this is deeply impressive in both spectacle and substance.
A misfire in every way, 3 Body Problem has some talented actors delivering some memorable moments, but none of it adds up to an experience that is satisfying, fulfilling, or even all that enjoyable.
Most plots these days seem to be driven by characters’ stupid mistakes and bad decisions. It’s refreshing to witness intelligent characters grappling with a predicament that is not of their own making.
3 Body Problem’s most prominent deviation from the source material adds inclusion, which pays off creatively and commercially.
It has a different approach than most Netflix originals, but there's also the certainty that it doesn't quite take off.
Is it terrible? No, absolutely not. It’s enjoyable, it’s high production value sci-fi, it’s going places, it’s high stakes, it’s large scope and scale, it asks interesting questions. But is it great? Sadly, no.
I get a kick out of realizing which portions of the trilogy the show’s creators have chopped up and rearranged, delighted to be shown parallels among characters... and still find Benioff and Weiss to be great at writing memorable, economical dialogue.
A mind-bending sci-fi epic spanning multiple decades, while also reaching centuries into the past and future, it can scarcely be faulted for lack of ambition, but sometimes there's just too much going on to digest properly.
The series asserts itself as an immersive experience, a broad map in which time and space converge in search of answers to a riddle that isn't easy to solve. 
The series juggles the perspectives and quandaries of its flawed and confused scientists with sympathy and nuance. The dialogue is intelligent, witty and believable.
Based on the way this season all but runs out of momentum at the finale, its ticking countdown may come to an end sooner than later.
3 Body Problem suffers from a concept-heavy, near-indigestible opening episode (you may need a couple of tea breaks to get through it). After that, it can be mind-blowing...
3 Body Problem’s first season works as a solid introduction to this world, but by the finale, it becomes clear that these episodes are really just laying the groundwork for an even bigger, more deeply complicated narrative.
Taking the Chinese-centric story, moving it to England, and creating a tapestry of characters based on several of the novel’s key characters, 3 Body Problem is a valiant attempt at translating a novel that has been called unadaptable to the small screen.
the strength and weakness is that these sci-fi concepts come from Chinese culture; that makes them different to the ones we’re bored rigid with, but original or not, they still have to be sold to us… intellectual engagement is slow out of the gate...
Netflix's 3 Body Problem plays things too safe, edgy and drab despite the book's wild vision.
The show should be a celebration, a statement, a home run swing. Instead its style is anonymous, the work of a corporate author rather than an artistic intelligence.
3 Body Problem weaves philosophical quandaries into a propulsive science fiction tale with such audacity that I don’t mind that it doesn't always pull it off. At least it shoots for the stars.
As the characters in 3 Body Problem lurch toward answers, we all get to bask in an ambitious narrative fueling an ultimately impressive tale. Just remember to be patient as the series sets the stage early on.
This is predominantly out-of-this-world viewing with a down-to-earth quality thanks to the characters at the core of the story.
Brilliantly produced, pacy and featuring excellent performances, it provides food for the brain as well as a feast for the eyes.
The back half of the season is consistently compelling, and sometimes downright thrilling, especially any time its characters simply put their heads together to solve the three-body problem at hand.
Exploring that horrific human past of madness, violence, and cowardly compliance is the best part of Netflix’s 3 Body Problem.
The most eagerly anticipated TV series of the year is here, from the brains behind Game of Thrones and their mesmerizing mind games bring a Chinese literary classic about alien invasion to life. You'll have to work hard to untangle its mysteries. Do it.
A high-octane, multi-level AI adventure, as outrageous and stunning as the plots all interconnected to the tiniest details; so it sweeps and hides, crammed with anxiety-provoking prose warning of end times.
The existential crisis explored in the series, and the possible human responses to it, feel more relevant than ever after living through a global pandemic. It's terrifying. And very good TV.
3 Body Problem is as reflective and dangerous as a shard of broken glass, that you can't help but touch because of its possibilities.
3 Body Problem works because the characters are set up well in the first episode, and the mystery at its center is truly a mystery, not just pieces of missing information that the writers are keeping from frustrated viewers.
Once the stakes for the human race and Earth’s eventual invaders become clear, 3 Body Problem develops an “Oxford Five” problem...
Netflix’s new sci-fi series from the makers of Game of Thrones doesn’t just honor Liu Cixin’s remarkable books—it improves on them.
I love these books, and it appears this show understands why: the dead seriousness but also the absurdity, the abstruseness but also the silliness, the hardcore science but also the prestige-TV-ain’t-dead-yet art.
What you also need to know, though, is it’s brilliant. Yes, it’s complicated. Yes, it’s chaotic. No, you will not always understand what is going on... But the vision of it!
Whatever captivated American readers when the novel was first translated into English in 2014 is barely evident in this ungainly, forgettable TV series.
Just when it seems there’s nothing original to watch, “3 Body Problem” falls from the skies.
Don’t be deceived by the interplanetary intrigue: humanity’s worth, and what we deserve for our collective failings, are at the heart of this deftly capable science-fiction puzzle-box.
This is a story about sacrifice and the ability to be concerned about more than the moment you’re in, and when faced with these kinds of large, ruminative dilemmas... yet somehow 3 Body Problem does not, in any way, feel urgent.
Sometimes the universe winks at us and we can’t figure out if that’s a provocation, a flirtation, or the side effects of some strong smoke. This adaptation makes finding out engrossing, if not altogether simple. What theory worth parsing is?
When a book is deemed “unadaptable”, it is almost interpreted as a challenge. Of course, no book is really unadaptable; the problem is that rendering it on screen will simply be too dull, or confusing. 3 Body Problem is somehow both.
This show proceeds with such a steady hand as to remain highly watchable throughout what amounts to this extended overture.
3 Body Problem also falls into the trap of alienating its emotional depth from its own physics musings.
Benioff and Weiss have been slammed for their unsatisfying final season of Game of Thrones, but, so far, 3 Body Problem reestablishes their reputations as top-notch adaptors.
If your favourite kind of screen sci-fi is the thoughtful variety represented by films such as Contact and Arrival, you’ll be over the moon for much of the series.
Conspiracies, mysterious cabals, VR games, religious cults, issues spanning modern history, and science. It is a lot, but the plotting is excellent and the series is challenging enough to make it interesting, but easy enough to follow.
The rare series that consistently surprises, making me (mostly) forget my worries during initial episodes that this could be another “Lost,” a show with great ideas but no concrete story path.
This to me was a solid philosophical sci-fi story that is a genre bending experience that combined science, technology, humanity, scope and scale but doesn't do it all equally and effectively, due to its lackluster character drama!
It’s the equivalent of a cheap house flip, gutting a beautiful midcentury structure and redoing every room in shades of millennial gray.
Benioff, Weiss and Woo took a book trilogy known more for its thought experiments in philosophy and theoretical physics than its plot and made a solid bit of hard sci-fi that is (mostly) accessible to more casual fans of the genre.
There is plenty to like about 3 Body Problem. It presents thorny physics in a tangible, entertaining way, particularly in its VR-enabled flights of fancy to ancient China and Tudor England.
Nothing about this series is small. It’s visually lavish, narratively rich and more than compelling enough to overcome its moments of coldness
A collection of mysteries that, while rarely boring, is too untidy to consistently grip the imagination.
It won’t be Netflix’s answer to Game of Thrones. But Benioff, Weiss, and their collaborator Alexander Woo have undoubtedly proved yet again that there is no such thing as an unfilmable novel.
3 Body Problem suffers from being overly stylish and lacking substance. You can easily be reeled into a world visually, but if there isn’t anything worth sticking around for, you will check out.
The 3 Body Problem goes from the serious to the ridiculous and banal, from being a good example of the genre to being pretentious, didactic, and broad. The result, therefore, is as contradictory as it is uneven.
The parts have been originally arranged, with fresh trimmings, good characters and some clever use of theoretical physics; “3 Body Problem” doesn’t feel like a retread.
Most of 3 Body Problem’s adaptation choices just feel like failed attempts to spice things up.
With 3 Body Problem, the showrunners have created a truly remarkable and hugely ambitious piece of television that will have viewers hanging onto every plotline, hungry to find out more about its hidden mysteries and meanings.
If one thing holds it back from greatness, it’s the characters, who could have used some alien technology to lend them an extra dimension or two. But the series’s scale and mind-bending turns may leave you too starry-eyed to notice.
The story's themes of collective dependence within humanity and the value of loyal friendships work to create a narrative that is memorable and captivating. The biggest hesitation with this show is whether it will be allowed to continue the story.
It’s well paced, generally compelling, and completely committed to being the most TV version of itself it can possibly be. If only more Netflix dramas did the same.
It may wear the garb of prestige television, but underneath it’s just a nerdy science-fiction show, with a healthy emphasis on the science.
A tired, heavy, slow and drawn-out resolution that is finally expressed in three long yawns.
Characters saddled with explaining abstruse mechanical theories, meanwhile, never really seem to have more than one dimension themselves. Still, there’s sufficient intrigue and splashy production to keep enough of us watching...
The expansive spectacle of the “3 Body Problem” and the awe it occasionally produces is often hindered by its inherently middling human melodramas and tortuous plotting
Netflix's 3 Body Problem succeeds in creating an expansive world filled with intriguing mysteries, delivering both personal moments and spectacle.
3 Body Problem is a stunningly ambitious adaptation of an unwieldy science fiction text, bringing both humanity and existential terror to its otherwise analytical approach.
The themes are fascinating, the ideas fresh, and with a bit of fine-tuning, it could be great; here’s hoping Netflix bucks the trend and renews it for a second season.
The series inherits some terrific sci-fi horror concepts from the best selling novels and adds a warm character drama. It helps if you have an interest in physics and engineering, but it works.
The background material is weak, and the new ideas are virtually all depressingly familiar.
3 Body Problem reworks Cixin Liu’s mammoth book trilogy for a wider audience to great success, though it may annoy some viewers with its far-out sci-fi and speed-of-light plot machinations.
The Netflix adaptation of 3 Body Problem sets a new standard for what sci-fi is capable of.
3 Body Problem functions perfectly well on a character level, so if you're happy to accept a healthy dose of scientific malarkey, then you're golden.
3 Body Problem moves at a brisk, often breakneck speed to convey a sense of spectacle and awe. But in the process, it sacrifices the thing that made Three-Body so singular in the first place: the science.
3 Body Problem just doesn’t know what to do with its terrestrial cast of characters, and the globalization of its cast dulls what was otherwise a distinctly Chinese perspective with the original novel.
Benioff, Weiss, and Woo remind us in 3 Body Problem how good an adaptation can be when it’s done properly — and might have just stumbled on making Netflix’s next masterpiece.
Despite some clunky characterization, the series is an ambitious and inventive piece of sci-fi.
It really helps that Netflix didn’t skimp on 3 Body Problem, which, for all its character drama, goes big when it needs to go big.
3 Body Problem may fail to inspire true awe, but there’s enough fun, shock, and horror to keep sci-fi fans engaged.
A hugely ambitious adaptation of a hugely ambitious book. As an opening season it feels like set-up for something bigger — but what’s here is thoroughly impressive, giant-scale television.
A glorious, gaudy galactic mess. Problems? Loads of them. But marvel at the ambition.
Benioff, Weiss, and Woo have been remarkably successful at transforming Liu’s work into a gripping sci-fi thriller, without either dumbing it down or boring viewers with hours’ worth of whiteboard lectures.
It’s rare to see this kind of hard sci-fi on-screen, with the financial foundations in place to fully realize what is a complex and brazen vision of our world.
The series isn’t devoid of good stuff. It’s just flat, with decorative touches, which extends to the characterizations and acting.
It's grounded in a solid sci-fi premise, but continually weighed down by flat, often two-dimensional characters and a weak script.
3 Body Problem certainly has its high points, but the convolution of plot manages to damper any goodwill the episodes conjure up with the audience.
It’s an absolute page-turner that confidently switches modes and genres, acting as a strong comeback for Game of Thrones showrunners David Benioff and D. B. Weiss.
What really makes the series work is the characters, and although they may be slow to grow on you, you’ll be rooting for them by the end.
Even with these various smart deviations from the source material, the show’s first season is middling drama at best. And while the interplanetary spectacle is meant to be grand, little of it comes close to replicating the awe [from Game of Thrones].
At the same time that “3 Body Problem” grounds its story in a crew of curious young people, the show also imbues a sense of geeky grandeur.
The fact is 3 Body Problem is pedestrian at best when it should be epic — and that’s a problem.
“3 Body Problem” offers little personal intrigue to balance its increasingly unimpressive attempts at spectacle.
3 Body Problem spectacular world building sparks and excites the mind, body, and soul.
While not a slavishly faithful adaptation, the show captures the spirit of Liu’s writing, while setting in motion the unfeasibly grandiose space epic that is still to come.
